---
layout:     post
title:      How to express "原来如此"
subtitle:   气质、委屈和不满、不能再忍、忘记名字
date:       2020-09-28
author:     Chao Xu
header-img: img/post-bg-universe.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Everyday English
---

If you find this post useful, you can go and subscribe [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEGXnPRfnnQ).

# 原来如此

1. Wait , are you serious?

   Is that what it is?

   Is that what it does?

   I can't believe. I didn't know that before.

2. You know what? It makes sense now.

   That explains it.

3. Interesting. 

4. No wonder!

5. Eureka! 我明白了！

6. Bingo! 我发现了！I got it.

7. A-ha.

8. There we go.

# 气质

1. She has natural elegance/ grace/ poise. = She is naturally elegant/ graceful/ poised.

2. carry oneself well

  3-1. the epitome of ladylike chic

  3-2. this behavior is not very ladylike

 3-3. Don't curse/ swear because it's not ladylike.

4-1. a girl with class = a classy lady

4-2. to appreciate finer things in life

4-3.

有文化的:cultured

有学养的:well-read

见识广的:well-traveled

说话有素养的:well-spoken

# 表达委屈和不满

1. Unfairly treated

   I put in a lot of work and at the end, someone else took the credit. I felt like I was unfairly treated.

2. Disrespected 受到不敬、无理对待

   I don’t need to be having this conversionwith you. I feel disrespected by your remark.

3. I can’t believe you would accuse me of suchthings like that.

   Is that what you think of me? You don’t know me at all.

4. That’s so unfair.

   Bogus/false accusation.

   You hurt my feelings.

# 不能再忍

1. Excuse me? Are you aware/ Do you know what you're saying is incredibly rude/ inappropriate?

   Are you aware you're being really rude? You should't say that to me.

2. What you're saying is very/ incredibly offensive/ rude. I don't feel comfortable being around you anymore.

   This conversation ends now. I need to leave.

3. You kiss your mother with that mouth?

# 忘记你名字了

1. Hey I’m XXX. We met at ... It is great to see you again.

2. 承认自己忘记了

   I’m bad/not good with names. Could you please tell me you name again?

   For some reason, I’m totally blanking on your names right now.

3. 请朋友帮忙

   Can do me a favor? Could you tell me his/her name again?

   What’s his/her name again?

# Today's cake

1. I can't take it anymore. (I can't stand it.)
2. That's it. (That's enough.)
3. I had enough of this. (I've had enough of this.)
4. I can't stand it anymore. (I'm so sick of you.)
5. I've had it up to here. (I'm about to burst.)
6. It’s working out pretty well.
7. Everything was on track,
8. I have it under control.
9. Everything is working according to the plan.
10. This is working as intended.
11.  Never mind. ﻿
12. It’s over.﻿
13. Save it.(stop talking)﻿
14. I’m shaking (I’m nervous). 
15. They got cold feet (They are too scared to take an action). 
16. I’ve got butterflies in my stomach (say this when you are nervous). 
17. My palms are sweating (My hands are sweaty). 
18. Don’t bother answering.(no need to answer)﻿
19. Just because. (No reason)
20. You're being dramatic for no reason. (You're being dramatic for nothing)
21. Just for the sake of it. (For no particular reason)
22. I sleep 12 hours just for the hell of it.
23. There's no reasonable explanation. (There's no justification)
24. You're a morning person.